hello everyone today I'll be giving a
review on the samsung galaxy s3 and the
iphone 4s so obviously the iphone 4s has
been already very very popular to a lot
of people a lot of people have it and
bought it however these samsung galaxy s
is getting very popular to rising
because what i saw in the phone stores
like where you can try the different
phones five people were looking at the
samsung galaxy s 3 and 0 people in
looking at the eye before I thought this
was very very shocking and so I'm going
to say do this review do both of them a
review and like which ones that are the
different effects that they both have
but one has but other one doesn't and
also if you're thinking of getting one
of these phones or have an iphone and
want to transfer to the samsung galaxy
s3 or the other way of opposite this is
the video for you to watch so let's get
started so first I'll start with the
body of the phone obviously by size the
samsung galaxy s3 is very very big and
as you can see the iphone 4 is like a
little baby brother when you put them on
top and also the thickness this one is
super big and this one is super tiny and
in weight this one is much more lighter
so the charging area as you can see the
iphone 4s is super big just great
founder and the samsung galaxy is super
small at the sides here has the volume
has the earphone jack and the awning
button however the iphone 4 and this
side there's nothing here's the volume
and use the earphone jack and the awning
at the back here I actually have a cover
however has the Apple in the iphone 4
over there as you can see this is moshe
there as a camera and the
flashlight here has the flashlight to in
the camera Samsung and they both have
also front cameras and speakers here so
first I'll start to review the iphone so
the iphone as you know is super popular
tons of people know practically everyone
knows this phone so use the cover and
just lie to unlock so here I'll tell you
the different apps says mail messages
photos cameras the camera is amazing
it's an 8 megapixel camera it's almost
better than my camera and yeah so super
good camera has a front camera to
calendar contacts mapped YouTube stocks
with their video mammals clocks
calculator settings phones videos music
safari app store you have games here I
think this phone is very good because s
tons of things you can you get with the
App Store you can get millions and
millions and bazillions of apps and
different widgets to make your phone a
better one so this is a thumbs up and it
comes with color white and black if
you're wondering you also can check out
the website apple com then we have the
samsung galaxy s3 so here's the cover
that came in and it's just a white cover
and it's like this I'm just going to put
the iphone in there and look at the size
it's like so
so here's the phone so a special really
good thing is like when you look at the
phone you'll never go off like some
phones when you look at it it's only
like black Sal goes off because yeah but
that's a sensor so when you look at it
it will never go off so yeah so here is
the phone and just lift it up for you
guys so here um I'm using the camera so
it may come off like that so I'll just
look at it ok so here it has little
thing it's as the time as different
widgets like call chat on little globe
and then you just swipe like that so
you've the different like you can put
your favorite apps here and you have
phone contacts um messages internet apps
yeah just focus that and you have the
different panels here so here you get on
like skype and the internet and stuff
here you go back to the menu and here
you go back like here's show them
anything you can go back so when you
click apps you have different apps that
you have like different apps as you can
download from the Samson App Store and
here you some widgets like times the
lighting Bloomberg bookmarks calendar
clocks and so on so yeah so now I'm
going to compare each of them on which
is better so if you're looking for a
form of tons of apps tons of resources
it is this one but if you're looking for
lightness it's also a good phone is this
one so it's your choice you can check it
out those phone stores and yeah hope you
enjoyed this review please thumbs up
comment down below other things you want
me to review like maybe the
you ipad ipad one Mac Pro the anything
you like and please comment subscribe
I'm so excited for this channel so i'll
see you guys next time with inner review
have a nice day and by